Hey, what are you doing?
Miss, are you a teacher?
Why do you touch the child? Are you his father?
It turned out to be worn alone. This kind of attitude is cultivated externally.
The classmate who hit his daughter was trying to teach him a lesson.
Girl, what happened to you and dad?
Big Brother Luoluo wants to join me all the time.
I said I said he wouldn't stand up
You still have to chase me. So you just hit people, right?
Because my classmates and my daughter have performed well,
You don’t want to play with this? Why are there children with such hanging doors?
There is no room for such small slippers among women.
It was him who accidentally rebelled after chasing me.
If you change me, I'll be yours
Such a small person like me
And beat someone in the belly
He must be the scum of society if you want to find him.
Why do you only listen to his one-sided opinions?
Xiaojian’s father is a foreigner
Haigui still has high-ranking officials in urban areas.
Everyone in the family must be good kids.
Look at your one and a half specialties
What can be bitten so dangerous?
How can you use a parent's social status?
My children are very well-behaved
Busy all day long
It’s just kids like you
You're gonna die, let me get off work
Who would dare to bully his son if he doesn't appreciate him?
This is you
Can I be your girl's big deal?